{{obsolete event}}
Spring is the season for all sorts of exciting things.  It gets warmer and little bunnies come hopping out.  And some of them are white and wear tiny jackets with pocket watches.  In honor of 145 years of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, we want you to bring her world to our Whirled.  There are two categories of entries: avatars and rooms.

== Best Avatar ==

Entries may be any characters from Alice's Adventures in Wonderland (See [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alice%27s_Adventures_in_Wonderland#Characters this list]).  Avatars need to be original works.

* First - a [http://www.zazzle.com/ooowhirled/tshirts tshirt]
* Second - a [http://www.zazzle.com/ooowhirled/bags tote bag]
* Third  - a [http://www.zazzle.com/ooowhirled/buttons button]

== Best Room ==

Entrants use any backdrop or items to decorate their room as a scene from Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. The items used don't need to be created by the entrant. This is all about creative decorating.

* First - a [http://www.zazzle.com/ooowhirled/tshirts tshirt]
* Second - a [http://www.zazzle.com/ooowhirled/bags tote bag]
* Third  - a [http://www.zazzle.com/ooowhirled/buttons button]

== Information About Alice's Adventures in Wonderland ==

If you aren't familiar with the book, you're in luck!  It can be found online for free in various forms:

* [http://www.gutenberg.org/files/19002/19002-h/19002-h.htm Project Gutenberg's copy of the orignal with illustrations]
* [http://www.gutenberg.org/files/19033/19033-h/19033-h.htm Project Guetnberg's copy with a different illustrator]
* [http://www.bl.uk/onlinegallery/ttp/ttpbooks.html British Library] - Requires Flash, click on THE ORIGINAL ALICE

If your attention span is terribly short, you could always read [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alice%27s_Adventures_in_Wonderland the synopsis on Wikipedia].

Be careful that you don't confuse Alice's Adventures in Wonderland with the followup book, Through the Looking Glass!

As you can see from all the cartoons and movies based on this book, there is a lot of room for creativity in your interpretation.  Have fun with it!

== The Rules ==

* The deadline is '''Sunday, March 28th 11:59pm PST'''.
* Avatar Entries go here: [http://www.whirled.com/#groups-f_642 Entry Thread]
** Avatars should be listed in the shop and tagged with "whirledland".
* Room Entries go here: [http://www.whirled.com/#groups-t_50735 Entry Thread]
** Make sure your room has a snapshot and is unlocked when you add your entry.
* Questions should be posted in the discussion thread (link [http://www.whirled.com/#groups-t_50733 here]).  Rule updates and clarifications will be posted there as well.

== Judges ==

* Agent Cirrus
* Agent Equinox
* Agent Vortex
* Cleaver
* Nemo