This page contains the words that Three Rings defines as curse words for the purposes of the Whirled [[chat]] filters.

= Warning =

The information here is provided for reference only.  Use of these words in public or via unwanted tells in the game can be [[report|reported]] to [[Agent|Agents]] and may lead to disciplinary action.  Misspelling the curse words to get around the filters is even more likely to get you in trouble.

''If you want to test the filters, please do so in private (in a locked room) in order to not offend others.''

=Final Warning=  
'''This page contains words which could be considered obscene and/or offensive.'''
The obscene words that are filtered by the game are shown in white, the replacement words are shown in black.

If you do not want to see the potentially offensive curse words, DO NOT highlight the section below.
  
=Filtered words=

==Curse words that are optionally filtered ==
 
<sup>* indicates a wildcard. It will also change the suffix or prefix depending on where the "*" is placed </sup>

These are the words that are the "curse words" referred to in the [[chat|chat filter options]].  

*Drop chat messages with curse words. This removes the entire message if a curse word is found anywhere in the message.
*Peas-make the whirling curse words.  This will replace curse words with the listed replacements.  
*Comic-ify the !%#@ing curse words.  This will replace curse words with a random combination of !%@#$%&* as replacements.  

{|
{{Filtered word|ass|rear}}
{{Filtered word|asshole*|server port*}}
{{Filtered word|bitch*|tart*}}
{{Filtered word|blowjob*|harmonica lesson}}
{{Filtered word|clit|rosebud}}
{{Filtered word|cock|pea}}
{{Filtered word|cocksuck*|peasuck*}}
{{Filtered word|cum|soymilk}}
{{Filtered word|cunt*|shrew}}
{{Filtered word|dildo*|tickler*}}
{{Filtered word|fag|peanut}}
{{Filtered word|*fuck*|*spoil*}}
{{Filtered word|gay|happy}}
{{Filtered word|muff|britches}}
{{Filtered word|*penis*|*John Thomas*}}
{{Filtered word|pussy*|kitty}}
{{Filtered word|*shit*|*curd*}}
{{Filtered word|slut|strumpet}}
{{Filtered word|tits|bosom}}
{{Filtered word|titty*|bosom}}
{{Filtered word|twat|broken image}}
{{Filtered word|whore*|trollop}}
{{Filtered word|vagina|dainty}}
|}

== Curse words that are always filtered ==

A few words are always filtered, no matter what filter options you have selected.  These words will make the entire message/line be dropped.

{{Spoiler|manual=Drop words are hidden below
|content=
The following words are classified as dropwords:
<table>
<tr><td>*faggot*</td></tr>
<tr><td>kike</td></tr>
<tr><td>*nigger*</td></tr>
<tr><td>rape</td></tr>
<tr><td>rapes</td></tr>
<tr><td>raped</td></tr>
<tr><td>raping</td></tr>
<tr><td>spic</td></tr>
</table>
}}

[[Category:Lists|Known filtered words]]