Ah! Finally a page where I can refer all those copycat people to. I am getting tired of repetitively explaining to them that the svn is for learning code and building things from - not directly ripping or stealing graphics and then selling them in the shop. So, by the description provided in this page, the existing modified Tofus and Guest Ghost avatars (because of their completely customized codes and modified graphics & animations) are okay, right? I'm am relieved that those Kawaii rip-offs were dealt with expedience. [[User:Nordenx|Nordenx]] 00:45, 11 December 2008 (UTC)

I also like that now people will understand that even though it is free to use, it isn't meant to be stolen. Ghosties shouldn't go except maybe the one that is just a bunch of recolored states.--[[User:Conrad500|Conrad500]] 03:33, 11 December 2008 (UTC)

I would be nice however to find and use the brawler avatars to learn things. I'm speaking for generally myself, but, I'm saying that studying the movements made in each sate and action would be fun. Sure, just buying the avatar and looking at it in the game is cool. I'm the sort of guy who'll get a copy of something and break it down to the core and learn everything possible from it. Though the flash file was removed from the SVN, it would be nice to make the file still available by record.
If people can't understand the value and time a person put into their work, then they should try making their own from scratch, I have. And I have pride in doing that. I'll share my creations with people who show interest in learning, if it means improving my own or someone else's personal skill, I can comprehend.

Is there any way to add onto the SVN? 
--RawGreen 4:43 -6GMT December 31 2008
:I'll check into that, RawGreen, and let you know!  --[[User:Vortex|Agent Vortex]] 18:39, 1 January 2009 (UTC)
::There is no way for players to add to the SVN, but you're certainly welcome to use something like [http://sourceforge.net/ SourceForge], add your project to it, and then link to that from your User: page on the wiki, your Whirled profile, relevant discussion threads, etc.  --[[User:Vortex|Agent Vortex]] 16:55, 6 January 2009 (UTC)
Its a good idea it being here but i hate those copycats[Killalot]